so basically when I was in LA there was
a reason why I was only posting one
video a week Dan Big Ben you've been
crushing on Stacey I have a special
announcement
Elle you're a youtuber yes I am like I'm
going in a secret meeting yeah new
announcement soon but guess what what
what Sarah L today I'm telling them the
announcement so yeah you guys are gonna
have to wait till the second half of
this video no figure out what it is
well if you guys have been keeping up
with my life I have been doing
podcasting and what do we just do it we
just did a podcast this is her first pot
yeah you took my podcast virginity hit
how'd it go it went well I never like
that I think I read will de Lhasa but
people are here for you for you
hopefully you guys like it I got an
assistant I think it's a traditional
media is definitely something I've
always wanted to do a cocker spaniel
will be sick
[Music]
it was such a great paucity of pie house
with Ella Mills thank you all that will
be out very soon for y'all's eyeballs
recent podcasts are linked in
description below if you have not
checked out the creative exchange yet
but right now you're about to do
something epic get on a plane to go to
Texas to visit my family to visit my mom
recently she was actually in New York
City helping out with the hustle and why
in the all day NYC creator of it it was
a blast
but we were so busy that we didn't get
to do the one thing that I wanted to do
and that was to film a podcast record a
podcast with my mom just me and her so
we gotta go to Texas so I have a
legitimate family reason for going back
to Texas but for this videos purpose the
podcast that's the only thing that
matters right now I am running a little
bit behind to the airport and now I'm
getting gas we're getting gas that
goober is getting gas this has never
happened so I definitely should have
left early for the airport but thank
goodness I'm trying out cleared for the
first time said to me I travel a lot I
know you guys are interested in travel
so they are actually sponsoring this
video you get to skip all the lines go
straight through security
so this is the insanely long line for
normal security glad I won't be in that
what thanks again this is this you Sarah
yes
okay so that you know weed the sports
stadium being a Yankee we know that the
Miami Marlins okay perfect so it
literally took me only a few minutes to
get through security and with clear you
don't have to make appointments before
you can sign up right there at the
airport and skip the line immediately
there's absolutely no reason why you
should not try clear on your next flight
they are hooking up the PG fam and the
first 200 people who click on the link
down in the description below get a free
three months of clear go to clear me
calm slash Sarah check out the link in
description and look where I am it's
just it's 70 degrees I'm in short
sleeves and it's beautiful sunny and
green and the kiddies how I've missed
the kiddies hey kitty okay well that's
the kitty that doesn't like me but
there's the kitty that does like me
Sophie
kitty that likes me can you say hi oh
she loves me I missed you you cooking up
some taters over there all of my podcast
equipment it fits in here so next time
you see it boom we're also Jeannie how
did you teleport your are doing taters
and now you're doing to cheese
[Music]
we just finished out the podcast Jeannie
how did it go it was fun I think you did
very well thank you it's time to share
to the people basically the title of
this video and that I've been keeping a
secret from them
so basically when I was in LA and the
past month there was a reason why I was
only posting one video a week it was
just because I was trying to film for
another thing on the side so starting
next week I'm actually starting like a
new docu-series so a six-part series
called how to podcast so it's basically
a behind-the-scenes look it'll be like
10 to 15-minute episodes of behind the
scenes of doing this podcast thing I
think I'm like 13 episodes in at this
point 12 or 13 and so a lot of people
have been asking what gear do you use
how do you do this who do use for
distribution but it's gonna go beyond
that and just share fun antics a behind
the scenes so I actually have a little
teaser to show you just like a little
little teaser to get you guys excited
because it's here it's gonna start next
week roll the clip Sarah I'm editing
this
[Music]
when Gary Vaynerchuk team says yeah we
can do apologize for the house spelling
this day and release the next day you
don't ask questions right so you start
the podcast a month earlier than
scheduled it's weird to me that your
best episode ever is gonna be the first
if you don't really know what you don't
know until you're doing it and fall flat
on your face anything can and will
happen in live radio so this is the new
spot so hopefully we'll be done here a
few weeks or so
[Music]
well right how do you think I went Craig
yeah on to the next thing so what did
you guys think I do a new little
docu-series it'll be six episodes how to
podcast so I'm super excited about it
I'm stoked that I can finally share it
with you I've been just chilling with my
fan have some Sam over eating some
really good dinner and it's been good to
be here and kind of chill a little bit
now that I have some more family stuff
tomorrow morning and then I'm back to
the city a quick little trip but blue
spring is here I hope spring follows me
from Texas to New York because I'm short
sleeves and make sure to check out the
clear link in the description below for
three three months off clear and also
there's new booster boards out have you
guys seen that there's a miniature
booster board now which is something
that I had been hoping for it's what
I've been wanting ever since I actually
got a boosted board so look out for a
video with that new mini booster board
as well let me know if you like this
video hit that subscribe button down
below for new videos every single week I
have so many videos in my head and
they're coming true so make sure to hang
around here things get super creative or
peachy Pham you know we create stuff but
anyways guys stay peachy okay
[Music]
you